Mr. Shen
I have arranged for Li Xiaoqing to be safe
Send me back
Wait a minute, our showdown with the Scrub Group is here
Ah!
Brother, how did you find him?
Nature is poor
Mr. Shen can't help me
Brother, look who this is
This is Mr. Zheng, the heir to the captured God of War
Yes, he is.
I can't ask some stinky fish and rotten shrimp to recharge at all
Humph
Da Shang loved Shang Yi and had to accept Mr. Shen
Noble person of the Li family
It is the honor of our Li family to have Mr. Shen take action
Just because he has some medical skills
I feel like I can get involved in anything
Do you really think you can handle this?
Mr. Shen's kung fu is first-class
Even I am in the hands of Mr. Shen
Can't make a move
Your strength
I can crush you 100 times with three hands
If you win, you are an expert
Who stipulated
Hey brother
This gentleman is the heir to the God of War
You can definitely win with him
It's much better than finding someone a stinky fish and rotten shrimp
How do you know?
He is better than me
Boy, don't provoke me
I don't eat your set either
You are from wild deer
I am the heir to the god of war
Can you compare? Can you compare?
Don't think you won something bad
I feel like I can be defiant
Nothing in front of me
Mr. Li, no one can beat me
Is there anyone here who can follow me?